Assignment name: Basic GUI - The game of Craps

Name: Sopheanith Ny
UWNetID: sny17

Assignment Overview:
In this Craps GUI project, the most that I learn and understand is designing the front-end
by using gui java and adding some cool things in the project, for example, like image, gif,
letting the button work, and else. The most important part about this project is we getting to
learn how to design front-end using gui, and we have a chance to build a project from scratch this time.
However, after I get my project done, I think this project is hard, and it takes a lot of time to
understand and to finish the whole project. But for these gui projects, I did lots of research,
and I do use lots of resources to help me throughout the project. The most fun part about this project
I get to play around the gui, especially where we're designing the dice icon and the button. But I found
the hardest part of the project is where we roll the dice, and we have to display the image and add sound.
Overall, this project is seem hard to me, but I'm having so much fun of learning new things and getting experience
from it. Also, I was thinking this is a really good project that we could put in our resume.

Technical Impression:
My technical impression about the Craps game project is that I do watch lots of YouTube videos
on this project. The most part that I catch up and feel comfortable of using gui is where
I made the welcome window for this project. I know the code looks kinda messy and unorganized,
which the window class is where I feel I understand how the gui works. In this project, the most
part that I feel frustrated about is setting up the Label on the frame and organized into location 5
such as left,center, top, bottom, and right. The way I solve this part is I made 5 different methods
and one main gui setup method to set up all the parts to different locations that where they're belonging.
Also, I do see myself having in trouble on converting from texts to integer, which I have looked at the old
project and tried to get an idea of how the method works. By the way the part that sounds challenging to me
is that adding sound for roll dice, win and lose is where I don't know how to do it, and YouTube does not
really help me at all. Which I'm going to skip that part of the project for the extra credit. However, for the
model class I didn't write the betting in the model class. I did everything's all at once class in the gui class,
so it make me easier to just write the method in the listener method.Overall, my technical impression about this
project is not that much because I did use lots of resources to help me through the project and the errors won't
take me that long to figure out to solve it.


Unresolved problems in my submission:
I think there is no part that unresolved on the project except the sounds for the extra credit. Also,
I have trying to debug the code, especially the converting part that I feel confused about, but it seems
working fine to me after I run and test the code. For the shortcut using the keyboard key I did use ALT instead
of CTRL because I control button on mac didn't which I did used command instead on mac but for window it will work
with ALT. Also, to get the shortcut work you have to click on the menu button and type the keyword. ** However, I just go
over the rubric which there is test class that I need to test, which this is the part where I didn't do it because
I think he didn't tell us to do the JUnit for this project and I think I don't have enough time to do it. ** Overall, that
is what I think that I have it for an unresolved problem in the project.


Citations and Collaborations:
I would like to give credit to YouTube (Bro Code), and stackoverflow.

Questions:
N/A

Extra Credit:
Yes, I did add image of two dice rolled and some drawing and creative design.